
PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated November 20, 2021
Thank you for choosing to be pan of our community at Stormhead Games ("Company," "we," "us," or 'Your"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or
concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at stormhead_games@protonmail com.
This privacy notice describes how we might use your information it you:
Download and use our mobile application — Happy Bubble Friends
Engage with us in other related ways — including any sales, marketing, or events
In this privacy notice, if we refer to:
"App," we are referring to any application of ours that reterences or links to this policy, including any listed above
"Services," we are referring to our App, and other related services, including any sales, marketing, or events
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. It there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do
not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.
Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
6. HOW OO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect persona/ information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the App or othewise when
you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the
following:
Payment Data. We may collect data necessary to process your payment it you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment
instrument. All payment data is stored by Google Pay. You may find their privacy notice link(s) here: https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/u/0/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en-GB

Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automaticai/y when you visit our App.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the App. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information,
such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our App and other technical
information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, and tor our internal analytics and repoäing purposes.
The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is seüce-related, diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our App and which we record in log files.
Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and information about your activity in the App (such as the date/time stamps associated
with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called •crash dumps') and
hardware settings).
Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet or another device you use to access the App. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as
your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration
information.
Information collected through our App
In Short: We collect information regarding your mobile device, when you use our App
If you use our App, we also collect the following information:
Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device 10, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and
application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our App, we may also
collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device's operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID and
information about the features of our App you accessed.

2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests7 the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our iega} obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our App tar a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to
enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
For other business purposes. We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate
and improve our App, products, marketing and your experience. We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end-users and does not include
personal information.

3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply mth laws, to provide you with services, to protect your ryghts, or to fulfill Business obligations.
We may process or share the data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as
in response to a coun order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential
threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.

